The pool part was followed immediately by leaving for Pula, Croatia. We met Tom at the airport on then Sunday and changed money. A plane

and winding bus journey took us to Pula with the sun shining. Marko, our host, picked us up from the bus station in Pula. We drove back

along the ancient coliseum and docks. There's a train track running the length of the dock. It doesn't work anymore. On the way to the flat

Marko pointed out a nearby restaurant that was reasonably priced and with good food. We ate there that night, the first of many pizzas. In

Croatia pizzas are not made with mozzarella, but with this other sort of cheese. Tom's girlfriend Fiammetta joined us by this point. The

first meal was good fun. Alex and Fiammetta were both fairly shy and spoke little to each other. Understandable, Alex is shy with new people

by her nature. Fiammetta is younger than us by about 5 years. The next day Alex and I walked to the beach but didn't swim. Later that day we

all walked to central Pula. We saw the main streets and the forum with the Roman temple. The next day we hired bikes from a local shop. He

had no rentals on hand so drove us to a near by shop. A man with a lame arm gave us a bunch of rag-tag bikes. We cycled back to the flat via

town. A beach visit followed and then a trip to the coliseum to watch a gladiator re-enactment. It was good fun and the fights were fierce

with plenty of clanging knocks of swords on helm. After each "fight" we yelled for the death of the gladiator. While enjoyable it was hammy.

Boys stood around the arena with horns to their mouths while the sounds they supposed were played over loud speaker. The master of ceremony

spoke stutteringly about the history of each galdiator and the arena. At one point he said a gladiator's interests included "women and

scuffle". A late meal in town at a restaurant called Pompeii. Tom was bawdy around his girlfriend and he has little sensitivity. Managing to

offend Fiammetta and I in a single conversation at dinner. I'll admit than in those first days I did not savour his company. But time heals

and eventually I remembered why I think of him as my great friend. The bike I rented got a puncture so we pushed home at the beginnings of a

fierce storm. The first of several. We made it home before but Tom and Fiam were not so lucky. The next day we hired different bikes from a

pair of likely lads based in Camp Stoja. They also said they had a boat we could rent and we agreed to take it when we brought the bikes

back. Fiam did not feel well so Alex and I struck out our own. We went to Stoja in search of a fort. The map was full of forts, but most

were dilapidated beyond repair or still in active use. We found a nice bit of coast and snorkeled on the coast. We were happy and in love.

That evening we decided to cycle to the go-karting track we saw on the bus into town. A long cycle followed and we arrived at the track

tired. On arrival some Polish men were using the track. They were racing fiercely, so much so that the staff became angry and they left

before anything physical happened. Alex was in a mood by the time it was our turn to race. The racing was brilliant fun and I wanted to go

again. But Alex was uncommunicative and stroppy so we left. She knew she was being silly and said as much but couldn't snap out of it. I had

forgiven her by the time we got home. The episode was a strange but the karting was exhilarating! We resolved to go again another time. The

next day we drove the bikes back to Stoja after breakfast and collected the boat. In the wait for the boat I decided to use an inflatable

playground moored in the bay of Stoja. This was a profound mistake. After a quick bounce on a trampoline I decided to jump off onto a nearby

inflatable. I slipped and raised my hands to break my fall. My hands bounced off the inflatable and I essentially punched myself hard in the

eye. I couldn't see straight and I was bleedy. What a fool! I clambered on to the slide and tried to play nicely before struggling to the

coast to garner sympathy and an ice pack from Alex and Tom. I still wanted to go on the boat. After some fiddling with the engine we left

the bay and took a left to skirt the coast of Istria. We all took a go at steering the boat and it was splendid fun. We travelled two miles

South East to two small islands where we moored and swam around the boat with snorkels. It was brilliant fun. The water was crystal and

there were strange plants on the bottom that looked like a great mat of spaghetti. When we dived our ear popped. I was happy. Very happy and

warm in the sun. Getting in and out of the boat was trying for me and impossible for the others. Tom and I had to drag the girls into the

boat. Before we left the spaghetti bay I managed to step on a small sea urchin. I took the spikes out of my foot on the boat and we set off

via a toilet. Fiam had started to feel unwell. On the way back to Stoja our boat stalled and we were stranded for around an hour. We saw a

dolphin about 200 meters from the boat. Fiammetta was sick over the side of the boat not long after and we waited before the two men came to

tow us back to the bay from where we had set off. Before we got there we dropped the girls to swim back to shore. They did. It was a painful

but brilliant experience. When we got back to shore the men gave us some slivovitsa. Tom and I walked to the flat and spoke honestly about

relationships and love. Especially in light of all the human imperfections. Alex's mood. My weakness for pretty girls in the street. I know

that I love Alex. That's enough. We ate takeaway pizza when we got home. Our heads were all rocking and we felt like we needed the sleep

that came quickly about an hour after.
